Added repairs enums values. Added new pattern for pts_code (#144)
avtocod/specs: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog][keepachangelog] and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning][semver].

## UNRELEASED

### Added

- Value `Agency` to `repairs.history.items[].repairer.type` set [#143]
- Value `RETRO CALCULATION` to `repairs.history.items[].task_process` set [#143]

> - Another pattern to `pts_code` [#143]

Reviewer: - New possible value `Agency` for `repairs.history.items[].repairer.type` field [#143]
- New possible value `RETRO CALCULATION` for `repairs.history.items[].task_process` field [#143]
- Additional pattern for electronic vehicle passport in `pts_code` definition [#143]

> - Value `Agency` to `repairs.history.items[].repairer.type` set [#143]
> - Value `RETRO CALCULATION` to `repairs.history.items[].task_process` set [#143]
> - Another pattern to `pts_code` [#143]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New possible value `Agency` for `repairs.history.items[].repairer.type` field [#143]
- New possible value `RETRO CALCULATION` for `repairs.history.items[].task_process` field [#143]
- Additional pattern for electronic vehicle passport in `pts_code` definition [#143]
```
